hello people , how are you?
Today I 'm here to show you
besides one of the defenses of cinnamon in the
thigh against indirect attack and fluted
on the other leg
the position is as it will kick in the
my thigh I'm going to flex a little and
beast so that his leg
slide on top of my color I
can hold on his heel and
move forward causing imbalance and
putting my right back one more time
turn
I came in and band with the other leg
once again
good people is that this was the position of
today
I hope you liked it, it's e
always remember the following muay thai if
practice a gym if you see yourself in an eternal
OK
and another thing never forget when
to enroll in a gym
find out if the teacher and writer
liaison with an official body may
to be a league a federation or
confederation
I think he has the backing of some
official body for your safety and
for the safety of your family
and who wants to follow more about my
work and my career to know more
little gave in because I already did in the arts
martial can follow by my link
my page mexico and wagner rabbit in the
facebook or for the website of
Brazilian confederation of a logging
Okay. Thank you so much. Health.
i